Interludic2000 feature cloudfront apigw large uploads (#2809)
aws-samples/serverless-patterns: cloudfront-apigw-large-uploads/README.md

1. Bootstrap CDK:
    ```
    cdk bootstrap
    ```
1. From the command line, use AWS CDK to deploy the AWS resources for the pattern as specified in the `large_uploads_test/test_stack.py` file:
    ```
    python3 -m pip install -r requirements.txt
    cdk synth
    cdk deploy
    ```

## How it works
An Amazon Cloudfront distribution is created with 2 origins:
* Default Origin - Amazon API Gateway with an AWS Lambda Integration returning stub responses based on HTTP request method.  
* Custom Origin - A mock HTTP endpoint which sends a response with information from the request. We are using echo.free.beeceptor.com but you can use any other endpoint.

When a HTTP POST request is handled by CloudFront, a Lambda@Edge function is invoked as an Origin Request. This Lambda@Edge function uses the method and `content-length` HTTP headers from the client request to determine whether the request should go to a custom origin. 

To demonstrate this behaviour, we used a filesize limit of 300 bytes. In real world applications, you would set this higher by modifying the `MAX_FILE_SIZE` variable in `lambda.mjs`.
![diagram](diagram.png)

## Testing

> 1. Once deployed, find the CloudFront distribution URL and use it in the following `curl` commands

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. After deployment, find the CloudFront distribution URL and use it in the following `curl` commands

```

#### Test 1: 
A GET request that CloudFront will route to API gateway

```
curl https://<CloudFront distribution URL> -i
```

Example output:
```
    HTTP/2 200
    content-type: application/json
    ...more headers...

    {"message": "GET request processed by API Gateway!"}
```

#### Test 2: 
A POST request that CloudFront will route to API gateway as the payload size is smaller than `MAX_FILE_SIZE` defined in `lambda.mjs`. You will need to replace the `smallFile.example` filename in the following command with your file.

```
curl https://<CloudFront distribution URL> -i -X POST -F 'data=@smallFile.example' -H 'content-type: application/json'
```

Example output:
```
    HTTP/2 201
    content-type: application/json
    ...more headers...

    {"message": "POST request processed by API Gateway!"}
```

#### Test 3: 
A POST request that CloudFront will route to a custom origin as the payload size is larger than `MAX_FILE_SIZE` defined in `lambda.mjs`. You will need to replace the `largeFile.example` filename in the following command with your file.

```

> curl https://<CloudFront distribution URL> -i -X POST -F 'data=@largeFile.example'

Reviewer: this test resulted in an error for me:
`{"message": "Unsupported Media Type"}`

```

Example output:
```
    HTTP/2 200
    content-type: application/json
    ...more headers...

    {
        "method": "POST",
        "protocol": "https",
        "host": "echo.free.beeceptor.com",
    ...more response body
```

#### Test 4: 
A POST request to a specific URL that CloudFront will route to a custom origin based on the Behaviour defined in `app.py`. You will need to replace the `smallFile.example` filename in the following command with your file.

```
curl https://<CloudFront distribution URL>/upload/ -i -X POST -F 'data=@smallFile.example'
```

Example output:
```
    HTTP/2 200
    content-type: application/json
    ...more headers...

    {
        "method": "POST",
        "protocol": "https",
        "host": "echo.free.beeceptor.com",
    ...more response body
```

## Cleanup
 
1. Delete the stack
    ```

>     cdk destroy

Reviewer: add instructions for deleting replicated functions. `cdk destroy` failed to initially delete the stack. https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonCloudFront/latest/DeveloperGuide/lambda-edge-delete-replicas.html
